[RHACS] ROX-21146: Adding the 4.4 Release notes (#72699)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc

* "Scanner V4" in xref:../installing/installing_other/install-central-other.adoc#central-services-public-configuration-file-scannerv4_install-central-other[Installing {product-title-short} on other platforms]

Scanner V4 has additional memory and storage requirements in addition to the memory and storage needed to run the default StackRox scanner. 

For more information about the resource requirements for the StackRox Scanner and Scanner V4, see:

* "General requirements" in xref:../installing/acs-default-requirements.adoc#acs-general-requirements_acs-default-requirements[Default resource requirements for {product-title}]
//* xref:../installing/acs-recommended-requirements.adoc[Recommended resource requirements for {product-title}]

[id="rhacs-new-compliance-capabilities_{context}"]
=== {product-title-short} new Compliance capabilities (Technology preview)

:FeatureName: Compliance 2.0
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

{product-title-short} 4.4 offers the following new Compliance capabilities:

* A seamless experience that combines Compliance Operator and {product-title-short}.

> * You can configure, schedule and run infrastructure scans and review the results directly from {product-title-short}.

Author: Need info pending.

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="release-notes-44"]
= {product-title} 4.4
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: release-notes-44

toc::[]

{rh-rhacs-first} is an enterprise-ready, Kubernetes-native container security solution that protects your vital applications across the build, deploy, and runtime stages of the application lifecycle.
{product-title} deploys into your infrastructure and integrates with your DevOps tools and workflows. This integration provides better security and compliance, enabling DevOps and InfoSec teams to operationalize security.

.Release dates
[options="header"]
|====

|{product-title-short} version |Released on

|`4.4.0` | 18 March 2024

|====

[id="about-this-release-440_{context}"]
== About this release

{product-title-short} 4.4 includes the following new features, improvements, and updates:

Compliance::	

> * xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#rhacs-new-compliance-capabilities_release-notes-44[{product-title-short} new Compliance capabilities (Technology Preview)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#rhacs-new-compliance-capabilities_release-notes-44[New Compliance capabilities (Technology Preview)]
```

* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#integration-with-red-hat-openshift-cluster-manager-and-paladin-cloud-to-discover-unsecured-clusters_release-notes-44[Integration with {cloud-redhat-com} and Paladin Cloud to discover unsecured clusters]
* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#migration-to-stock-red-hat-openshift-sccs-during-manual-upgrade-by-using-roxctl-cli_release-notes-44[Migration to stock {osp} SCCs during manual upgrade by using roxctl CLI]
* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#cluster-discovery-by-using-cloud-source-integrations_release-notes-44[Cluster discovery by using cloud source integrations]
* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#short-lived-api-tokens-for-central_release-notes-44[Short-lived API tokens for Central]

Policy::	
* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#enhanced-roxctl-deployment-check-command_release-notes-44[Enhanced roxctl deployment check command]
* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#authentication-of-aws-and-gcp-integrations-by-using-short-lived-tokens_release-notes-44[Authentication of AWS and GCP integrations by using short-lived tokens (Technology Preview)]

Vulnerability Management::

> * xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#vulnerability-scanner-v4-that-utilizes-upstream-claircore_release-notes-44[Vulnerability Scanner V4 that utilizes upstream ClairCore]

Reviewer 2: just Scanner V4

* xref:../release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc#filter-workload-cves-by-using-component-and-component-source_release-notes-44[Filter workload CVEs by using component and component source]

[id="new-features_{context}"]
== New features

This release adds improvements related to the following components and concepts:

[id="vulnerability-scanner-v4-that-utilizes-upstream-claircore_{context}"]

> === Vulnerability Scanner V4 that utilizes upstream ClairCore 

Reviewer 2: just Scanner V4

In {product-title-short} 4.4, the new vulnerability scanner, Scanner V4, integrates the best features of the existing StackRox Scanner and the link:https://quay.github.io/clair/whatis.html[upstream Clair V4 Scanner] that ships with Red Hat Quay, providing enhanced functionality.

The following are the key highlights of the new Scanner V4:

* *Consistent and accurate scanning*: Reliable vulnerability scan results across the entire Red Hat product ecosystem, Red Hat {product-title-short}, and Red Hat Quay.
* *Expanded language and operating system support*: Expanded support for Golang in language vulnerability scanning and inclusion of Oracle Linux, SUSE Linux Enterprise, and Photon OS in operating system scanning.

> * *Comprehensive vulnerability database source*: Adoption of `OSV.dev` as the vulnerability database source for all supported programming language packages.

Reviewer 2: maybe link it: https://osv.dev/

[NOTE]
====
* In {product-title-short} 4.4, both the StackRox Scanner and the new Vulnerability Scanner V4 are available for scanning workloads, and the existing StackRox Scanner reports node and platform vulnerabilities.
* {product-title-short} upgrades and new installations use the StackRox Scanner by default.

> * You now have the option to choose the new Vulnerability Scanner V4 instead of default StackRox Scanner, which offers additional benefits and an extended scope.

Reviewer: This is not true - please confirm @RTann 

```suggestion
* You now have the option to enable the new Vulnerability Scanner V4 in addition to the default StackRox Scanner, which offers additional benefits and an extended scope.
```

Reviewer 2: The phrasing you're suggesting sounds right. Maybe we should make it clear Scanner V4 is only for image scanning at this time while StackRox Scanner is still needed for node and platform scanning

> * It is anticipated that the new Vulnerability Scanner V4 will be the default Scanner in a future release.

Reviewer 2: just Scanner V4

====

For general information about Scanner V4, see xref:../operating/examine-images-for-vulnerabilities.adoc#about-scanner-v4_examine-images-for-vulnerabilities[About {product-title-short} Scanner V4].

For more information about enabling Scanner V4 when installing {product-title-short}, see:

* "StackRox Scanner settings" in xref:../installing/installing_ocp/install-central-config-options-ocp.adoc#scanner-settings_install-central-config-options-ocp[Installing {product-title-short} on {osp}]
* "Scanner V4" in xref:../installing/installing_other/install-central-other.adoc#central-services-public-configuration-file-scannerv4_install-central-other[Installing {product-title-short} on other platforms]

> Scanner V4 has additional memory and storage requirements in addition to the memory and storage needed to run the default StackRox scanner. 

Reviewer 2: StackRox Scanner (last word in the sentence)

For more information, see xref:../upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc#migrating-sccs-during-the-manual-upgrade_upgrade-roxctl[Migrating SCCs during the manual upgrade].

[id="notable-technical-changes_{context}"]
== Notable technical changes

* The default memory requirement for `scanner-db` has been increased from 200MiB to 512MiB to prevent out of memory (OOMs) errors during database initialization when the memory pressure reaches the node.

* Scanner-slim can now read additional certificate authorities (CAs) correctly from the `additional-ca-sensor` secret.

* Administrator access is not required to delegate ad hoc scan requests to secured clusters.

* Existing integrations that are automatically generated are now deleted on Central startup if `ROX_DISABLE_AUTOGENERATED_REGISTRIES` is set to `true`.

* The `/v1/administration/usage` API endpoint is now considered stable.

* By requesting the `central-monitoring-tls` \ `sensor-monitoring-tls` secrets at startup, you can ensure the presence of the {osp} monitoring `/metrics` server certificate. This requirement only applies if {osp} Monitoring is enabled.

> * Simplify your configuration by using `ROX_MEMLIMIT` instead of `GOMEMLIMIT` in configuration files. You can now capture your deployment memory limits and easily adjust `GOMEMLIMIT` by using `ROX_MEMLIMIT`. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer representing the number of bytes and simplify your configuration for more efficient deployment.

Reviewer: I don't think this quite captures the fact that the `GOMEMLIMIT` environment variable is going away and being replaced by `ROX_MEMLIMIT`.  Also I would like to add a sentence about manual roxctl upgrades here. Here are my edits - maybe @RTann can review?

```suggestion
* The `ROX_MEMLIMIT` environment variable replaces the `GOMEMLIMIT` variable in configuration files. You can now capture your deployment memory limits by using the `ROX_MEMLIMIT` variable. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer representing the number of bytes and simplify your configuration for more efficient deployment. If you are manually upgrading {product-title-short} by using the `roxctl` CLI, you must manually edit the deployments to use the new variable. See xref:../upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc#upgrade-roxctl[upgrading/upgrade-roxctl] for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: `GOMEMLIMIT` is a standard Go environment variable, which is still acceptable to use, but we replaced all instances of it in our configuration files with `ROX_MEMLIMIT` so we can do some extra stuff. Maybe we can make it clear that `GOMEMLIMIT` is still ok, but `ROX_MEMLIMIT` is preferred

Author: s/ Use the `ROX_MEMLIMIT`environment variable, which replaces the `GOMEMLIMIT` variable in configuration files. Although you can still use `GOMEMLIMIT` as a standard Go environment variable, use `ROX_MEMLIMIT` instead to more efficiently capture the memory limits for your deployment. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer representing the number of bytes to simplify your configuration. If you are manually upgrading {product-title-short} by using the `roxctl` CLI, ensure to edit the deployments manually to use the new variable. 

For more information, see xref:../upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc#upgrade-roxctl[Manually upgrading using the roxctl CLI].

WDYT? @RTann @kcarmichael08

Reviewer 2: > Although you can still use `GOMEMLIMIT` as a standard Go environment variable, use `ROX_MEMLIMIT` instead to more efficiently capture the memory limits for your deployment. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer representing the number of bytes to simplify your configuration.

Although you may still use the standard Go environment variable `GOMEMLIMIT`, use `ROX_MEMLIMIT` instead to more effectively capture the memory limits for your deployment. `ROX_MEMLIMIT` will set the "soft" memory limit of the Go process to 95% of the configured amount. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer without any units representing the number of bytes.

[id="ebpf-co-re-collection-method-enabled-by-default_{context}"]
=== eBPF CO-RE collection method enabled by default

{product-title-short} 4.4 introduces a default runtime collection method based on eBPF compile once-run everywhere (CO-RE), which becomes the default method starting with this release unless it is explicitly overridden in the configuration of your secured cluster. 

The CO-RE approach is a modern method for creating portable eBPF applications that ensures compatibility across different kernel versions and configurations without requiring changes or compilation of runtime source code on the target machine. When you upgrade to the new version, the migration from eBPF to eBPF CO-RE is automatic.

The following are some of the advantages of this new collection method:

* You can run {product-title-short} secured clusters on a larger number of Linux operating systems that are not currently included in the support package.
* If you are offline, you no longer need to update the Collector support packages.
By avoiding issues related to eBPF probe retrieval, such as the risk of losing the network connection or if the probe is not present, you can update a cluster smoothly.

> [id="bring-your-own-database-for-central-database-is-now-generally-available_{context}"]
> === Bring your own database for Central database is now generally available
> 
> With {product-title-short} 4.4, you can now use your own PostgreSQL-compatible database for the {product-title-short} Central database, giving you the choice to deploy it either within or outside the cluster. Whether on bare metal, virtual machines or as a cloud-hosted service, you can tailor the deployment to your specific requirements. To ensure optimal performance, you must run the database in close proximity to the {product-title-short} Central services.
> 
> For more information about the supported platforms, see the Red Hat Knowledgebase solution link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7045053[{product-title} Support Matrix].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[id="bring-your-own-database-for-central-is-now-generally-available_{context}"]
=== Bring your own database for RHACS Central is now generally available

With {product-title-short} 4.4, you can now use your own PostgreSQL-compatible database with {product-title-short} Central, allowing you to deploy it within or outside the cluster. Whether on bare metal, virtual machines, or as a cloud-hosted service, you can tailor the deployment to your specific requirements. To ensure optimal performance, you must run the database close to the {product-title-short} Central services.

For more information, see xref:../../installing/installing_ocp/install-central-ocp.adoc#install-central-operator-external-db_install-central-ocp[Installing Central with an external database using the Operator method].
```

**nitpick:** I've updated the language to match waht we used in previous releases and added a link to the docs.

For more information, see the Red Hat Knowledge Base solution link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7045053[{product-title} Support Matrix].

[id="authentication-of-aws-and-gcp-integrations-by-using-short-lived-tokens_{context}"]
=== Authentication of AWS and GCP integrations by using short-lived tokens (Technology preview)

:FeatureName: Authentication of AWS and GCP integrations by using short-lived tokens
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

{product-title-short} 4.4 introduces support for authentication of Amazon Web Service (AWS) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP) integrations by using short-lived tokens.

For Amazon ECR, AWS Security Hub and AWS S3 integrations, support for authentication through AssumeRole by using the Secure Token Service (STS) has been added. 

In the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration -> Integrations*, and then select the integration type, for example, *Amazon ECR*. Select an existing integration. Alternatively, click *New integration* to create a new integration.

> In the integration form, select *Use container IAM role* to enable STS role assume that applies to Amazon EKS and {osp} clusters. 

Reviewer 3: **issue:** This should be`AssumeRole`
```suggestion
In the integration form, select *Use container IAM role* to enable STS AssumeRole that applies to Amazon EKS and {osp} clusters. 
```

For Google Artifact Registry, Google Container Registry, Google Security Command Center and Google Cloud Storage integrations, support for authentication through workload identity federation has been added. 

> In the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration -> Integrations*, and then select the integration type, for example, *Google Artifact Registry*. Select an existing integration. Alternatively, click *New integration* to create a new integration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration -> Integrations* and select the integration type, for example, *Google Artifact Registry*. Select an existing integration or click *New integration* to create a new one.
```

> In the integration form, select *Use workload identity* to enable token federation that applies to Google GKE and {osp} clusters. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the integration form, select *Use workload identity* to enable token federation for Google GKE and {osp} clusters. 
```

> 

Reviewer 3: **suggestion:** I've added docs for this one.
```suggestion

For more information, see xref:../../integration/integrate-using-short-lived-tokens.adoc#integrate-using-short-lived-tokens[Integrating RHACS using short-lived tokens].

```

[id="cluster-discovery-by-using-cloud-source-integrations_{context}"]
=== Cluster discovery by using cloud source integrations

> {product-title-short} 4.4 introduces a new cloud source integration type, which includes integration types for Paladin Cloud and {cloud-redhat-com}. Integrated cloud sources enable {product-title-short} to discover cluster assets from the connected accounts. The discovered clusters are matched against clusters already secured by Central. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{product-title-short} 4.4 introduces a new cloud source integration type, which includes integration types for Paladin Cloud and {cloud-redhat-com}. Integrated cloud sources enable {product-title-short} to discover cluster assets from the connected accounts. {product-title-short} matches the discovered clusters against clusters already secured by Central.
```

> In the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration -> Clusters -> Discovered clusters* to view the current status of the discovered clusters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration -> Clusters -> Discovered clusters* to view the current status of the discovered clusters.

For more information, see xref:../../integration/integrate-with-cloud-management-platforms.adoc#integrate-with-cloud-management-platforms[Integrating with cloud management platforms]

```

[id="short-lived-api-tokens-for-central_{context}"]
=== Short-lived API tokens for Central

{product-title-short} 4.4 introduces the option of issuing short-lived API tokens for interaction with the Central API.

> You can exchange the short-lived API tokens for an OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity token. This is useful for the authentication and authorization of machines in, for example, CI environments.

Reviewer 3: **nitpick:** 
```suggestion
You can exchange the short-lived API tokens for an OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity token. This is useful for authenticating and authorizing machines in CI environments, for example.
```

In the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration -> Integrations -> Machine access configuration* to create a configuration to enable exchanging OIDC identity tokens for short-lived {product-title-short}-issued tokens.

[id="migration-to-stock-red-hat-openshift-sccs-during-manual-upgrade-by-using-roxctl-cli_{context}"]
=== Migration to stock {osp} SCCs during manual upgrade by using roxctl CLI

> With {product-title-short} 4.4, the platform moves away from using custom security context constraints (SCCs). Instead, {product-title-short} services use {osp} SCCs, which ensures future proof operation and a consistent security posture for {product-title-short}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With {product-title-short} 4.4, the platform moves away from using custom security context constraints (SCCs). Instead, {product-title-short} services use {osp} SCCs, which ensures future-proof operation and a consistent security posture for {product-title-short}.
```

For more information, see xref:../upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc#migrating-sccs-during-the-manual-upgrade_upgrade-roxctl[Migrating SCCs during the manual upgrade].

[id="notable-technical-changes_{context}"]
== Notable technical changes

> * The default memory requirement for `scanner-db` has been increased from 200MiB to 512MiB to prevent out of memory (OOMs) errors during database initialization when the memory pressure reaches the node.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The default memory requirement for `scanner-db` has been increased from 200MiB to 512MiB to prevent out-of-memory (OOM) errors during database initialization when the memory pressure reaches the node.
```

* Scanner-slim can now read additional certificate authorities (CAs) correctly from the `additional-ca-sensor` secret.

* Administrator access is not required to delegate ad hoc scan requests to secured clusters.

* Existing integrations that are automatically generated are now deleted on Central startup if `ROX_DISABLE_AUTOGENERATED_REGISTRIES` is set to `true`.

* The `/v1/administration/usage` API endpoint is now considered stable.

* By requesting the `central-monitoring-tls` \ `sensor-monitoring-tls` secrets at startup, you can ensure the presence of the {osp} monitoring `/metrics` server certificate. This requirement only applies if {osp} Monitoring is enabled.

> * Use the `ROX_MEMLIMIT` environment variable, which replaces the `GOMEMLIMIT` variable in configuration files. Although you can still use the standard Go environment variable `GOMEMLIMIT`, you should use `ROX_MEMLIMIT` instead to more effectively capture the memory limits for your deployment. `ROX_MEMLIMIT` sets the soft memory limit of the Go process to 95% of the configured amount. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer without units representing the number of bytes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the `ROX_MEMLIMIT` environment variable, which replaces the `GOMEMLIMIT` variable in configuration files. Although you can still use the standard Go environment variable `GOMEMLIMIT`, you should use `ROX_MEMLIMIT` instead to capture the memory limits for your deployment more effectively. `ROX_MEMLIMIT` sets the soft memory limit of the Go process to 95% of the configured amount. Define `ROX_MEMLIMIT` as an integer without units representing the number of bytes.
```

+
If you upgrade {product-title-short} by using the roxctl CLI, you need to manually edit the deployments to use the new variable.
+
For more information, see xref:../upgrading/upgrade-roxctl.adoc#upgrade-roxctl[Manually upgrading using the roxctl CLI].

> * Publish opensource instead of `stackrox.io` helm charts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Publish open source instead of `stackrox.io` helm charts.
```

* Sensor captures runtime events even when not connected to Central.

* You can now edit the endpoint from an unauthenticated email notifier without any issues. However, if the endpoint is not unauthenticated, credentials are still required to make changes.

* When deleting a collection that is referenced by other objects, such as report configurations, the error message now includes the names of both the collection being deleted and the referencing object.

* The `ROX_SCAN_TIMEOUT` environment variable in Central and Sensor is now set to 10 minutes by default instead of 6 minutes.

* As announced in {product-title-short} 4.2, authenticated access is now required for the `/v1/resources` endpoint.

* The default policy `systemctl Execution` is not triggered when you use the `--version` process argument. This change does not lead to a security issue, as the printed information relates to the capabilities supported by `systemd` at the time of creation, and not the capabilities of your host operating system.

> * The default policy `No resource requests or limits specified` has been renamed to `No CPU request or memory limit specified`. The default policy no longer checks the CPU limit or memory request. Instead, it specifically recognizes whether the CPU request and memory limit are specified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The default policy `No resource requests or limits specified` has been renamed `No CPU request or memory limit specified`. It no longer checks the CPU limit or memory request; instead, it specifically recognizes whether the CPU request and memory limit are specified.
```

* Configure the claim mappings of the authentication provider and required attributes from the UI.

> * Configure the API token expiration. If the expiration date is not specified, API token expires in 1 year.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Configure the API token expiration date. If it is not specified, the API token expires in 1 year.
```

> * The information available on the *Network -> Listening Endpoints* page has been improved and updated, including the addition of new information about endpoints such as the pod UID and namespace, and the removal of endpoints from the deleted pods.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The information available on the *Network -> Listening Endpoints* page has been improved and updated, including new information about endpoints such as the pod UID and namespace, and the removal of endpoints from the deleted pods.
```

=== Build-time network policy tools is now generally available

{product-title-short} 4.4 offers the following tools to help you develop Kubernetes network policies in build-time:

* `roxctl netpol generate` - Generates Kubernetes network policies that meet your application's requirements by analyzing your project’s YAML manifests in a local directory.

* `roxctl netpol connectivity map` - Lists the connections allowed by the network policies in your project.

* `roxctl netpol connectivity diff` - Lists the differences in allowed connections between two project versions.

You can access the build-time network policy tools by using the `roxctl` CLI.

For more information, see xref:../operating/build-time-network-policy-tools.adoc#build-time-network-policy-tools[Build-time network policy tools].

[id="network-graph-enhancements-for-internal-entities_{context}"]
=== Network graph enhancements for internal entities

In {product-title-short} 4.4, selected connections to private IP addresses within the cluster, which were previously incorrectly identified as external entities, are now shown as internal entities in the Network graph.

> The following examples show scenarios where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This fixes connections that are incorrectly identified as external, for example, when the following scenarios occur:
```

* *Consistent and accurate scanning*: Reliable vulnerability scan results across the entire Red Hat product ecosystem, Red Hat {product-title-short}, and Red Hat Quay.
* *Expanded language and operating system support*: Expanded support for Golang in language vulnerability scanning and inclusion of Oracle Linux, SUSE Linux Enterprise, and Photon OS in operating system scanning.
* *Comprehensive vulnerability database source*: Adoption of link:https://osv.dev/[`OSV.dev`] as the vulnerability database source for all supported programming language packages.

[NOTE]
====
* In {product-title-short} 4.4, both the StackRox Scanner and the new Scanner V4 are available for scanning workloads, and the existing StackRox Scanner reports node and platform vulnerabilities.
* {product-title-short} upgrades and new installations use the StackRox Scanner by default.
* You now have the option to enable the new Scanner V4 in addition to the default StackRox Scanner. Scanner V4 is specifically designed for scanning images, while StackRox Scanner is still required for scanning nodes and platforms. This offers you additional benefits and an extended scope for securing your environment.

> * Red Hat plans to make the new Scanner V4 the default Scanner in future releases.

Reviewer 2: in a future release

* In {product-title-short} 4.4, `definitions.stackrox.io` is deprecated and is planned to be removed in a future release. 

* If you are currently using {product-title-short} 3.74.x or an earlier version, you must stop at {product-title-short} 4.4.x before proceeding with an upgrade to {product-title-short} 4.5 or later versions, as {product-title-short} has switched its underlying data store to PostgreSQL as of {product-title-short} 4.0.0. During the upgrade, the data is automatically migrated to PostgreSQL.
+
However, in the upcoming {product-title-short} 4.5.0 release, it is anticipated that the previous data store will no longer be available. Skipping from {product-title-short} 4.0.0 to 4.4.x could result in the data not being migrated properly.

* StackRox Scanner will not receive any new features and will go into maintenance mode. All ongoing development efforts are now focused on the new Scanner V4.

[id="bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

[id="resolved-in-version-440_{context}"]
=== Resolved in version 4.4.0

> *Release date*: 18 March 2023

Reviewer 2: 2024

+
The issue occurred when more than 10 collections were created and a vulnerability report edit was associated with 10 or more collections in {product-title-short} 4.2 and 4.3. The UI retrieved the first 10 collections from the API, possibly resulting in a missing reference to the report area. This behavior might persist in {product-title-short} 4.1 and 4.2. 
+
This update ensures that the linked collection is retained, avoiding the error message.

[id="image-versions_{context}"]
== Image versions

[%header,cols="1,1,2"]
|===
|Image |Description |Current version

|Main
|Includes Central, Sensor, Admission controller, and Compliance. Also includes `roxctl` for use in continuous integration (CI) systems.
a|`registry.redhat.io/advanced-cluster-security/rhacs-main-rhel8:{rhacs-version}`

|Scanner
|Scans images and nodes.
a|`registry.redhat.io/advanced-cluster-security/rhacs-scanner-rhel8:{rhacs-version}`

|Scanner DB
|Stores image scan results and vulnerability definitions.
a|`registry.redhat.io/advanced-cluster-security/rhacs-scanner-db-rhel8:{rhacs-version}`

> 

Reviewer 2: Should also include the following:

```
|Scanner V4
|Scans images.
a|`registry.redhat.io/advanced-cluster-security/rhacs-scanner-v4-rhel8:{rhacs-version}`

|Scanner V4 DB
|Stores image scan results and vulnerability definitions for Scanner V4.
a|`registry.redhat.io/advanced-cluster-security/rhacs-scanner-v4-db-rhel8:{rhacs-version}`
```

Reviewer 2: @msugakov @daynewlee can you help confirm these are the right names?

Reviewer 4: based on Errata tool, that looks right:
https://errata.engineering.redhat.com/errata/container/128686

For more information, see the following updated documentation:

{product-title-managed-short}::
* xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[Generating] and xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-apply.adoc#init-bundle-cloud-ocp-apply[applying] init bundles on {osp}
* xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/init-bundle-cloud-other-generate.adoc#init-bundle-cloud-other-generate[Generating] and xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/init-bundle-cloud-other-apply.adoc#init-bundle-cloud-other-apply[applying] init bundles on Kubernetes

{product-title-short}::
* xref:../installing/installing_ocp/init-bundle-ocp.adoc#init-bundle-ocp[Generating and applying an init bundle for {product-title-short} on {osp}]
* xref:../installing/installing_other/init-bundle-other.adoc#generate-init-bundle[Generating and applying an init bundle for {product-title-short} on other platforms]

[id="integration-with-red-hat-openshift-cluster-manager-and-paladin-cloud-to-discover-unsecured-clusters_{context}"]
=== Integration with {cloud-redhat-com} and Paladin Cloud to discover unsecured clusters

> In {product-title-short} 4.4, you can now discover new clusters not protected by {product-title-short} through integration with {cloud-redhat-com} and Paladin Cloud. This feature provides a list of clusters in your Openshift environment or on cloud platforms such as Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS), Google Kubernetes Engine (Google GKE) and Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (Microsoft AKS) and provides a discovery mechanism to improve your organization's security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title-short} 4.4, you can now discover new clusters not protected by {product-title-short} through integration with {cloud-redhat-com} and Paladin Cloud. This feature provides a list of clusters in your OpenShift environment or on cloud platforms such as Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS), Google Kubernetes Engine (Google GKE) and Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service (Microsoft AKS) and provides a discovery mechanism to improve your organization's security.
```
